## Basic requirements:

Sufficient users and/or developers feedback can be found without concerning issues, or independent security audit(s) is available

* Searching Reddit, I found only two comments from self-reported Bitcoin
  users of Celery. However, there were about two dozen comments from
  self-reported Dogecoin users of Celery. All comments were positive,
  although a number of users said that they were just using Celery to
  buy, and withdrew their earnings to another wallet.

* http://www.thestreet.com/story/12241789/4/a-bitcoin-stock-play-thats-scarier-than-bitcoin.html

No indication that users have been harmed considerably by any issue in relation to the wallet

* No such indication found via Google search, Reddit search, and
  BitcoinTalk search.

No indication that security issues have been concealed, ignored, or not addressed correctly in order to prevent new or similar issues from happening in the future

* No such indication found.

No indication that the wallet uses unstable or unsecure libraries

* I have no idea what technology the wallet is built on.

No indication that changes to the code are not properly tested

* The website previously said, "All source code is audited by an independent,
  whitehat security firm," but the name of the auditing firm is
  not disclosed nor is the result of their audit (not even whether
  they passed).  After discussing this with @dthakur, the claim was
  removed as "the project is still on-going."

Wallet was publicly announced and released since at least 3 months

* According to feedback on Reddit, wallet was publicly released around
  July 2014 (about 7 months ago) aftering being in beta for a few months
  before that

No concerning bug is found when testing the wallet

* TK: Sending and receiving not tested yet, pending determination
  whether there are any other blocking problems.

Website supports HTTPS and 301 redirects HTTP requests

* Yes.

SSL certificate passes Qualys SSL Labs SSL test

* Grade B. Uses increasingly-less-secure RC4 stream cipher and has
  a SHA1 certificate.  Otherwise, looks good.

Website serving executable code or requiring authentication uses HSTS with a max-age of at least 180 days

* `$ curl -s -D- https://www.gocelery.com | grep Strict` <br>
  `Strict-Transport-Security: max-age=16070400; includeSubDomains`

The identity of CEOs and/or developers is public

* https://www.gocelery.com/#about

    Ilya Subkhankulov & Divya Thakur. A brief Google search found no
    scams associated with them.

### If private keys or encryption keys are stored online:

Refuses weak passwords (short passwords and/or common passwords) used to secure access to any funds, or provides an aggressive account lock-out feature in response to failed login attempts along with a strict account recovery process.

* I was initially able to create an account with the password
  "password". After contacting @dthakur, this was changed and (upon
  retesting) future simple passwords were refused.

### If user has no access over its private keys:

Provides 2FA authentication feature

* To a certain degree, authentication using text messages is required.
  However, according to @dthakur, "We do not require 2FA for sensitive
  operations."

Reminds the user to enable 2FA by email or in the main UI of the wallet

* Yes.

User session is not persistent, or requires authentication for spending

* Session is persistent, and I did not see a logout button in the UI. I
  did not yet test spending authentication, but according to @dthakur,
  "We do not require 2FA for sensitive operations."  TK: test more

Provides account recovery feature

* Untested password reset button on the login screen. Non-conclusively
  discussed loss of 2FA device with @dthakur.  TK: discuss more

### Optional criterias (some could become requirements):

Received independent security audit(s)

* Was claimed on website, but no details provided. After contacting
  @dthakur, the claim was removed as "the project is still on-going."

Avoid address reuse by using a new change address for each transaction

* TK: not tested yet

Avoid address reuse by displaying a new receiving address for each transaction in the wallet UI

* TK: not tested yet

Does not show "received from" Bitcoin addresses in the UI

* TK: not tested yet

Uses deterministic ECDSA nonces (RFC 6979)

* Unknown: not mentioned on website and no sign-message feature provided
  for testing signed identical messages

Provides a bug reporting policy on the website

* No explicit policy found, but they do prominently feature an email
  address and US telephone number.

#### If user has no access over its private keys:

Full reserve audit(s)

* Not mentioned, although they do provide a transparency page providing
  some unaudited information: https://www.gocelery.com/#transparency

Insurrance(s) against failures on their side

* Not mentioned.

Reminds the user to enable 2FA in the main UI of the wallet

* N/A, as 2FA required to use wallet at all.

---

Not a reason to not list them, but makes me sad: "Arbitration; Waiver of Class Action" from https://www.gocelery.com/#tos

Not particularly informative, but maybe indicates they aren't a
fly-by-night operation: http://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1086745/000114420414045841/v383812_10k.htm
